subhan skit is it's your girl B so once
again the time has come for me to trim
my TWA and this time around I decided to
report the whole process so you guys can
see just how I do so while I'm just
coming back from the gym and I haven't
washed my hair yet so what I'm doing is
rubbing my fingers through my hair so
that I can loosen up all the gel that's
in it and then I'm going to proceed to
pick out my afro because I'm not a
professional I usually cut my hair all
one me but this time around I'm going to
follow the guide that came with my
papers according to the guide you will
be cutting your hair in three different
sections starting off with the back and
moving upward and of course the back
portion is going to be the shortest so
I'm going to cut my hair at 3/4 of an
inch in the back now as I said before I
am NOT a professional so this method
that I'm using may look just a little
bit weird to you guys but whatever
method you guys decide to use just make
sure it works for you and you're
comfortable with it and you should be
fine so now that I've completed my first
section I'm going to move on to my
second section of hair which is the
middle portion and as you can already
see there is a huge difference in
between those lengths of hair I will be
cutting my middle portion of hair at 7
eighths of an inch once you move into
your second portion of hair you will
notice that cutting it is a lot easier
you don't have to worry about the back
portion that you've already cut because
it is already cut and you just really
can't mess it up so just go ahead trim
your hair make sure everything is all
even and
on to the next and now for the finale
here again you can see the difference
between the two sections that I've cut
and need to cut and I will be cutting my
top portion at one inch when I'm
trimming my hair I like to make sure to
go in a backward as well export motion
to ensure that I'm getting all the hairs
that need to be trimmed when doing this
I also wanted to ensure that my table
was very smooth going from each section
of hair and here's the finished cut
thanks for watching house kids don't
forget to check down below from our
previous video and stay tuned as I show
you guys how I style my tw8
until next time don't forget to comment
rate and subscribe